Create ui-c8y-1023-97-6-detached-dom-gc-on-navigation-12392-graft-release-cd-12459.md (#4881)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-97-6-detached-dom-gc-on-navigation-12392-graft-release-cd-12459.md

---
date: ""
title: Fixed memory leaks when navigating between views
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-67019
version: 1023.97.6
---

> Dashboard and widget DOM, subscriptions, and legacy scopes were retained after navigating away from a view, causing memory usage to grow until a full page reload. They are now released on navigation.

Reviewer: What does DOM stand for?

Reviewer 2: DOM => Document Object Model, but to be more precise I should change it to:

`Dashboard and widget detached DOM nodes...`

Reviewer 2: We could also change it to: `Dashboards, widgets, and other view content were not fully released from memory after navigating away, causing memory usage to grow until a full page reload. They are now cleaned up on navigation.`

Reviewer: Yes, better. We have never used the term DOM in public-facing documentation so far (though I found it in the Codex now).

> Dashboard and widget DOM, subscriptions, and legacy scopes were retained after navigating away from a view, causing memory usage to grow until a full page reload. They are now released on navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dashboards, widgets, and other view content were not fully released from memory after navigating away, causing memory usage to grow until a full page reload. They are now cleaned up on navigation.
```
